Hello.
My name is Penny, and I'm a grade
8 student in Port Elgin school. Hi.
My name is Melody and I am a grade
seven student at Port Elgin school.
And we're going to be talking about
our debate, PBL and how we presented the,
so the people's like if we took classes
under debate, learning
how to pay for eight weeks.
And at the end we did a showcase,
our showcase was a Canadian
parliamentary style debate
where we went against another team
of two girls and debated our case,
which was this house.
We took what it should be feared.
We were on side gov,
which was for the resolution.
So we took turns going up to the podium
and saying or arguments to why
we believe that technology should be fair.
And we listened
to the other team
and opposed their arguments
and we won in the end.
We did a video showcase.
It was in the afternoon.
We did a new format where parents
and family members were able to come
through and watch the debate, and that's
when we did our debate at the showcase.
I really enjoyed the showcase
because it was really fun to, like,
learn how to,
learn how to like,
debate and argue in a respectful way
where you're getting your point across
with less emotions and to the community
and the way that was fun.
I like this showcase because it was just
a different way of doing things,
which I thought was really fun
because we were able to interact with
other people who are in the PBL with us.
teachers should like really
push new students to try
new ways of presenting their projects
and things that they've tried
before, like,
slideshows or stuff like that.
I agree with Penny.
I would say the teachers
push your students to do something new
because it helps them feel more
engaged and feel more like they're
actually doing something in the subjects,
instead of just making a presentation
and typing stuff in the slides.
It's more fun.
You have the ability
to do something like that.